Add note about password length (#42)
project-trident/trident-website: hugo-site/content/post/void-beta-available.md

3. The default shell for Void Linux is "dash" and is the "/bin/sh" of the system.
   * It may be very helpful to run `chsh` after login to change the default login shell, since dash is very limited.
   * In shell scripts, make sure to use "#!/bin/bash" instead of "#!/bin/sh", otherwise you may experience odd script failures due to using "dash" instead of the traditional "Bourne shell".

> 4. The user password must be 8 characters in lenght due the key length requirement of ZFS encryption.  Do not attempt to change your password to a shorter password later on as this will break your user account!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The user password must be a minimum of 8 characters due to the ZFS encryption key length requirement of ZFS encryption. Creating or modifying a user password to be less than 8 characters will break the user account!  
```
